Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-mvvm-behaviors-barItems-based-theme-selectors: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E4288)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WPF MVVM Behaviors - Display Theme Selectors Based on BarItems and Hide Themes from List

> DevExpress WPF Controls include the following behaviors that display a theme gallery in [Bars](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.Bar) and [Ribbon](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.RibbonControl):

Reviewer: `in [Bars] and [Ribbon]` Bars and ribbon what? This sentence is incomplete

Author: in [Bars] and [Ribbon] controls

> DevExpress WPF Controls include the following behaviors that display a theme gallery in [Bars](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.Bar) and [Ribbon](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.RibbonControl):

Author: ```suggestion
DevExpress WPF Controls include the following behaviors that display a theme gallery in [Bars](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.Bar) and [Ribbon](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.RibbonControl) controls:
```

Author: Are you agree with that version?

Reviewer: Yes, I agree with this version

> In this sample, the [Standard](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Core.Theme.StandardCategory) and [Metropolis](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Core.Theme.MetropolisCategory) theme categories are hidden from theme selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the [Standard](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Core.Theme.StandardCategory) and [Metropolis](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Core.Theme.MetropolisCategory) theme categories are hidden.
```
